1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
   
   Functions help us to compartmentalize our code into logical groups. Debugging our code becomes a bit more easy owing to the local scope of the variables inside the functions. The need for duplicate code is reduced making our programs shorter, easier to read and manage.


2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?

   The code in a function get executed when the function is called.


3. What statement creates a function?
   
   The def statement creates a function.


4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

   A function contains the code that performs a particular task in our program and yields a result. The function call provides the input to the called function on which the said task will be performed or simply directs the flow of the program inside the function code.


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

   One global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.


6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

   The local scope is destroyed and all the variables inside of it are forgotten.


7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

   A return value is the value that the function call evaluates to. Yes, return value can be a part of an expression.


8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
   
   None.


9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
   
   By using the global statement.


10. What is the data type of None?
    
    NoneType


11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
    
    It will import or simply "include" the areallyourpetsnamedric module.



12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
    
    This function can be called with spam.bacon().


13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
    
    try and except clause

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause? 
    
    The code that could potentially cause an error goes in the try clause. The code that executes if an error happens goes in the except clause.

    
